In this demo we're going to take a look at balancing
our load for Wired Brain Coffee.
Let's take a look at what they have right now.
If we go into their instances, we're sitting in the Sydney region,
a system in the southeast-2a availability zone,
and we have a system in the 2b availability zone.
These are our web servers.
Now, when we look at the web servers,
note that the web servers are on the private subnet,
private subnet for 2a, private subnet for 2b.
I thought they were going to be web servers?
That's right, but we don't need them to be out in the public realm.
What we need them to be is on the private side,
and then we have the load balancer on the public side,
the public subnet, send the requests through to the web servers.
So let's go look at our networking.
So if we go down to VPC, let's just filter on the Wired Brain VPC,
we've got our CIDR range, what about our subnets?
Our subnets are defined as public private.
Note the public are designated with a tag as load balancers.
Now there could be more private subnets in the future for our database,
but we're undecided whether we'll use a managed database or build it ourselves.
So let's set up the load balancer.
So you may think, well the load balancer is networking,
it should be here, but it's not here, it actually is balancing the instances,
so we have to go back up to EC2,
and then we go down and take a look at our load balancing options.
So let's select Load Balancers, let's Create Load Balancer.
We have our two choices, Application Load Balancer or Classic Load Balancer.
I think we'll start with the Classic,
and then we'll come back and finish up with the application.
So if I select Classic, our name, where do we want to create the load balancer,
Wired Brain, inside our VPC.
Protocol at this point 80, that's the listener we've got for this configuration.
I could add an additional listener, say for HTTPS, for port 443.
Now if I scroll down a little bit further for subnets,
note the message,
Please select two Subnets in different Availability
Zones for failover availability.
So we want to select our public subnets, so we click the + sign.
Our security groups,
see how it's picked up on what I said for listeners and said well,
then you must need rules for 80 and 443.
Security settings, so I have to select a certificate.
I can upload one if I don't have one,
I can choose an existing certificate if I've got one in place,
or I can say I'd like one from the Certificate Manager,
and since I don't have one right now,
we're going to add in some false security information
here to get through this screen.
Let's scroll down and look at the cipher.
Remember that the negotiation for SSL offload,
I can define the policy that Amazon has defined,
and you can see the different versions that have been updated.
So you can go through and look at the default or say I want a custom option.
Next we go through and say, we want a health check,
so we're setting up an interval every 30 seconds between health checks.
The response timeout, time to wait when receiving a response,
and the unhealthy threshold,
the number of consecutive health check failures before I say hey,
this instance is unhealthy.
Now let's look at the instances that we want to add in.
I've got 2 instances, 1 in 2a, 1 in 2b.
I want to add both of these in, there's my failover.
Do I want to enable cross-zone load balancing?
Well, I certainly do.
I want distribution of the traffic across all the back-end instances.
Connection Draining is the aspect where if an
instance doesn't pass its health check, well then the cross draining,
or the number of seconds that you're going to actually be able
to be a functional web server is defined,
in this case is five minutes.
The next thing we have to do is add tags.
My Classic Load Balancer, so I've got my scenarios,
the load balancer, the health check, the instances,
the security groups, the tags,
and I could go through and create by clicking Create.
After I click create, it would take a few minutes to register the instances,
and then the load balancer would be in effect.
Now remember, we didn't put proper security in,
so I'm going to sneak out of this demo, and go back and say,
what would happen if I added in the application load balancer?
So let's cancel out of here, all that work,
gone, and go back into Create Load Balancer,
and we'll say Application Load Balancer.
Again, give it a name.
Internet-facing or internal?
It's internet facing, so we can add in a listener for HTTP/S.
Selecting our availability zones, the VPC Wired Brain Coffee,
from the southeast we will select the public subnet,
from the southeast 2b, we'll pick the public subnet again,
for tags, the application load balancer for Wired Brain.
Let's configure our security settings.
So for certificate again we'll do some cheating.
We have options for selecting again the security policy choice,
our security group, 80, 443, next the routing aspect.
Little different, isn't it?
The target group for Wired Brain, HTTP, protocols,
health check to the index page, the / gives us that.
We can change the port for the health checks,
rather than using the default port 80, we can actually change that,
so a little more flexibility here.
Again, we've got the aspect of how our threshold is going to be defined.
Let's go and register some targets.
We don't have containers, but we can actually go through and define instances,
and the instances we want to use are these two instances right here.
So we've now added them to be registered targets for the load balancer.
If we had a certificate, we could click Create, and we would be happy.
Let's just see what happens, click Create at this point,
and it says well, we can't do it insecurely,
Mark.
So there's the process of creating the load balancer and defining it.
The key concept with this demo, going back into our instances,
my instances are not running on the public subnet,
they're running on the private subnets. There's a look at the options for creating load balancers at AWS.